---
layout: design
title: "Composition"
ref: 01.Groups_02.Composition
image: 01.Groups_02.Composition.png
---

The composition tab of a group makes it possible to view, edit and parameter the members and subgroups of the group, as well as define how users may joint it.

* Members, teams, Sessions...
   This section displays a table that lists the current members and subgroups of the group.

   The display bar makes it possible to:
   - display only subgroups, users, teams, sessions or all types
   - display all descendents, or only direct children

   A filter tool makes it possible to add filters, for example on location or associated activity.
   TODO: what filters are available?

   The gears icon gives acces to a menu where the user can change what columns are being displayed.

   Using the left column, a subset of the list can be selected, on which actions can be performed, using the bottom row: printing a notice (for sessions), exporting the selected groups, merging two groups, removing groups, or moving them to another group.

* Add subgroups
   Add a subgroup by first selecting a type. It opens the create group page, with the type and parent prefilled.

* Organize a session to constitute this group
   This will create a subgroup of type session, with a specific flag that says people who will attend this session will be automatically added to the group. TODO: reduce risk of confusion with creating sessions without that flag?

* Invite members
   Different ways for people to join can be enabled in this section.

* Import members from a CSV file




