---
layout: design
title: Collapsed panel and header
image: ['00.General structure_02.Collapsed panel and header_a.png','00.General structure_02.Collapsed panel and header_b.png', '00.General structure_02.Collapsed panel and header_c.png']
---

Collapsed panel and header

Clicking on the “sandwich” icon in the top left corner collapses or re-opens the nav panel.

The icon remains visible, and can be clicked on to re-open the navigation panel. The notification bell is also still visible next to it.

If there is a group currently selected, so that that group is being observed, then a row dedicated to it is added, so that it’s clear that everything is an observation of that group. On the very right, left and right arrows make it possible to go to the previous or next sibling within the same parent group.

On the right side of the row containing the item’s name, the login of the logged user is displayed (if the navigation panel is opened, it is visible in that panel instead)

The header may also be collapsed, so that the content of the current tab takes almost all of the screen. In that case, only one row is displayed.

The collapse button (blue dot with arrow) is only visible when on an exercise or a presentation.

The header also automatically collapses when we scroll down, so that the most important information is available even when we scroll down.

The manual header collapse/expansion is especially useful for full-screen content.For an exercise in full-screen mode (no scroll), any click on the task collapses the header (and footer).

When we scroll, the navigation panel is fixed. There are scroll areas within it (groups, skills, chapters, …)
