---
layout: design
title: "Access to activity : start contest (student view)"
ref: 03.Activities_00.Header_b1.Access to activity_b.Start contest (student view)
image: 03.Activities_00.Header_b.Access to activity_b.Start contest (student view).png
---

Access to some activities may be locked. By default, users only see the title and description (infos access). This is often the case for contests, such as in this example.

One way to gain access to a locked activity is to provide the invitation code of a session attached to this activity, or of any group that has access rights to this activity.

When an activity is locked but visible, a section to enter a group code is placed at the top of the page. When providing a code, the user is immediately added to the corresponding group, which may or may not unlock this specific contest.

In the case of a contest, providing an invitation code is expected to start the pacticipation in the contest immediately, so the label for the invitation is "Start contest". If it's not a contest or time-limited activity, a different label, such as "Access to activity" may be used.

Depending on the situation, different confirmation messages may be displayed after entering the code:
- You provided a valid group code, but it is associated to another activity: [name of activity]. Are you sure you want to start this activity?
- You provided a valid group code, but it is not associated to any activity. are you sure you want to join this group now?
- The session associated with this code, [name of session], was planned for a different time: [date / time]. If you use it now, it won't be available at that date. Are you sure you want to start now?
- This session code was used more than xx minutes ago and is not available anymore. If this was an error, please input the backup code for the session if your teacher has it, to re-open the session.
- This session is not available now. It can't be used until [date and time]

Furthermore people may be given the option to become a coordinator of this contest. TODO: define when this is activated?

In that case, a button "become coordinator" is added in the top-right corner, if the user is not already registered as a coordinator for this contest. TODO: what defines this in the data?

Under the description, a reminder that the user may create groups is displayed. TODO: shouldn't this be displayed only to users who are already registered as coordinators for this contest?
