---
layout: design
title: "Access to activity : start contest (student view)"
ref: 03.Activities_00.Header_b.Access to activity_b.Start contest (student view)
image: 03.Activities_00.Header_b.Access to activity_b.Start contest (student view).png
---

Access to some activities may be locked to users with their title and description still visible (infos access).

One way to gain access to an activity is to provide the invitation code of a session attached to this activity, or of any group that has access rights to this activity.

So when an activity is locked but visible, a section to enter a group code is placed at the top of the page. When providing a code, the user is immediately added to the corresponding group, which may or may not unlock this specific contest.

Depending on the situation, different confirmation messages may be displayed:
- You provided a valid group code, but it is associated to another activity: [name of activity]. Are you sure you want to start this activity?
- You provided a valid group code, but it is not associated to any activity. are you sure you want to join this group now?
- The session associated with this code, [name of session], was planned for a different time: [date / time]. If you use it now, it won't be available at that date. Are you sure you want to start now?
- This session code was used more than xx minutes ago and is not available anymore. If this was an error, please input the backup code for the session if your teacher has it, to re-open the session.
- This session is not available now. It can't be used until [date and time]





