---
layout: design
title: Count batch creation
ref: 01.Groups_03.Members_b.count batch creation
image: 01.Groups_03.Members_b.count batch creation.png
---

An admin can let users of a group to access to the batch account creation features. These users obtain a single prefix shared by all the logins they create.

When the massive group creation is enabled (available to the user, then activated by him for a given group), a new corresponding section appears above the list of members section.

This section may only be disabled if all accounts created this way have been deleted, in which case a switch to disable it is displayed.

When creating accounts, the user may chose to create a given number of accounts either directly in the group, or in each subgroup if there are some. 

An option to set prefixes for subgroups individually is available. If activated, each subgroup will have its own prefix, added to the prefix assigned to the user, otherwise, a single prefix will be added for all created users in this group (on top of the user’s main prefix..

A prefix is a string that is added at the beginning of the login of each user created in this way.

When the accounts are generated, the possibility to print the accounts and passwords is available, as well as the possibility to export them.

Afterwards, the list of accounts created this way is visible, and accounts with a given prefix can be deleted in batch.

Some conditions may prevent certain accounts to be deleted, in which case they are just “freed”  from the group creation features *[**TODO**: specify]*

*[**TODO**: complete the design]*
